(c) 2009-2015 quasardb SAS all rights reserved

Provided the Client has paid the applicable license fees, QUASARDB SAS grants 
the Client a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to load, store, execute and
modify (only as described in the Documentation) ("Use") the object code
version of the Software specifically limited to the Licensed Configuration as
indicated on the Client's order form or purchase order ("Order") when he
purchased the Software.

Except as expressly allowed under this Agreement, the Client may not copy
(except for a reasonable number of back-up copies for his own archival
purposes), alter, merge, modify, translate, adapt in any way, or prepare any
derivative work of the Software.

Except as permitted by law, the Client may not reverse engineer, disassemble,
decompile, or otherwise attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code
(other than readily user accessible source code, if any), underlying ideas,
algorithms, file formats or programming interfaces of the Software, or allow
others to attempt any of the foregoing.

The Client may not loan, rent, lease, provide a service for which the Client
charges a fee, license or otherwise transfer the Software or any copy thereof,
to or for the benefit of a third party.  The Client may not delete or change
any of the proprietary rights notices of QUASARDB SAS and its suppliers 
appearing on the Software or Documentation and the Client agrees to reproduce
all such notices on each copy he is permitted to make under this Agreement.

Run-time licenses to certain Software owned or licensed by third parties
("Third Party Software") are necessary for the proper operation of the
Software. A list of Third Party Software is available from QUASARDB SAS. The
Client is solely responsible for obtaining the required licenses, sublicenses
or technical support for any Third Party Software, as well as any licenses or
sublicenses for the operating system or other Software necessary to operate
the Client's hardware platform.
